full spelling and grammar check/and correction (#70)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/milo/manual/chapters/110_pre_flight_checks.md

First, ensure your VFD is set up correctly according to its manual.

!!! tip

>     If you want to test your spindle make sure you have removed the collet and collet nut or fitted a suitable tool/dowel pin and torqued the nut. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to test your spindle, make sure you have removed the collet and collet nut, or fitted a suitable tool or dowel pin and torqued the nut. 
```

Then ensure to set your max spindle speed in `config.g`. Under the spindle section of your config find
the line beginning with `M950` and change the value found after `L` to your maximum spindle speed e.g. `L24000`.

!!! note

>     If you are using one of our predefined RRF configurations for a particular hardware specification (e.g. the LDO kit), then this will done for you already. You only need to make sure that enabling the spindle in Duet Web Control and changing the RPM setting does start and stop the spindle, as well as changing the RPM effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using one of our predefined RRF configurations for a particular hardware specification (e.g. the LDO kit), then this has been done for you already. You only need to make sure that enabling the spindle in Duet Web Control and changing the RPM setting does start and stop the spindle, as well as changing the RPM effectively.
```
